allow multiple SANS in upstream validation (#5849)
projectcontour/contour: site/content/docs/main/config/upstream-tls.md

The same configuration can be specified by setting the protocol name in the `spec.routes.services[].protocol` field on the HTTPProxy object.
If both the annotation and the protocol field are specified, the protocol field takes precedence.
By default, the upstream TLS server certificate will not be validated, but validation can be requested by setting the `spec.routes.services[].validation` field.
This field has mandatory `caSecret`, `subjectName`, and `subjectNames` fields, which specify the trusted root certificates with which to validate the server certificate and the expected server name(s).

_**Note:**

> The `subjectName` field is deprecated in favor of `subjectNames`. When using `subjectNames`, the first entry must match the value for `subjectName`. The `subjectName` field also has a limit of TODO(KauzClay) characters._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `subjectName` field is deprecated in favor of `subjectNames`. When using `subjectNames`, the first entry must match the value for `subjectName`. The `subjectName` field also has a limit of 250 characters._
```
